This news about a businessman sending Arvind Kejriwal a Demand Draft of Rs. 364 has been doing rounds lately. 
Firstly, congrats man. Hope you had fun on your day of fame. This kind of opens my eye to 2 bigger issues at hand:

1. Open Letters have become something of a trend these days. Everybody wants to write open letters in hopes that their letter would do the rounds
on social media. FAME! OPINION! YAY. These same people are also very much aware that these letters have a minimal chance of inspiring an action
or at least a response from who they are targetting. Instead, this will inspire more of emotional and intellectual responses from our "logical
community", where the world gets divided into the FORs and the AGAINSTs with regard to the topic, discussions take place like these guys just came back from the United Nations and the next day, everybody goes back to finding new open letters to express themselves on. Buzzfeed and Shaquil O' Neal would be like "This guy sent 364 bucks to the New Delhi CM and you will NOT believe the reason he gave for it." Since we do have plenty of free platforms to share shit, why not go ahead and feed on human emotion and the basic human tendency to seek attention, right?

2. I don't understand who came up with this notion that you must dress well when meeting people. Its being passed on from generation to
genration. That if you're not dressed, you are not presenting yourself properly and that is sheer dis-respect to your own culture (or something
on that line).
SERIOUSLY?
When a kid shows up in front of Corporate Executives and public in a Blue Hoodie, he is the "Cool, billionaire Guy who doesn't waste his time in
following fashion". But when this particular politician is wearing sandals, oh damn this guy is an embarrassment.
Now I know how good an impression a suited up man usually makes about himself as compared to that Wozniak-style Geek who looks homeless to me.
But why are we being manipulated into developing this perspective that presenting yourself really matters.
Nevertheless, I would dress well in front of guests because I know that the guests most likely think that dressing matters, so I wouldn't want
them leaving with a bad impression about my family. That is why the Hoodie guy would also wear a suit when he has to meet the president, because
people have popularised this opinion of "presenting yourself" during important events. 
Obviously, I won't show up downright un-hygenic and disgusting with body odour or bad breath. That would drive people away from me because of
unpleasant physical sensations. But I would like to wear something that I am comfortable in (and which is also clean!).
I think the ultimate respect you can pay to your own culture or the person you're meeting is by focusing on your work. Work your ass off in the
clothes and sandals you like to wear, because the results of your work will make every person forget how "polished" you were back at the meeting.

NOTE: This post is not merely for rebellion's sake. I actually love to stay in my tracksuit bottom whenever I think its appropriate to. But I
also do wear Denim and a White Shirt when the neighbours are coming over for dinner.