Never send your kid to the abyss that is the traditional education system. This system is FUCKED UP, you are better off killing the fetus.

We humans are lazy, always looking for easy ways to learn more about other humans. This is the reason behind the entire concept of Gamification (quantitative metrics) - We try extremely hard and develop techniques to quantify everything, no matter how complex something is.

The 'Like' but on Facebook is as big a revolution as FB itself, it gets people hooked on madly. The number of likes on your post(s) / picture(s) is directly proportional to your social likability (this is the opinion of millions of people - don't you fucking deny it).

Here are a bunch of things we engage in to increase our likes:
1. Comment / Reply to comments after long intervals so the photo comes back in home feeds of others like us
2. Promote a culture of give-and-take - you give me like, you get like, else fukoff plz
3. Challenge political ideas even when we don't know shit about them, just because this thing is hot right now (I'm talking to all you wannabe suck ups who delivered rant-after-rant about how "trump is so bad" even though you didn't know a single policy of his party - all because Americal Elections is always an opportunity to boost your social status)

Number of followers on instagram / twitter, no. of stars on your github repository, percentage of profile completed on Linkedin - admit it, we are obcessed with these metrics! Such is the charm of quantities - we can see a single value to create an impression about the person who holds it.

Our dear education system is no exception - those calling themselves "education administrators" have developed a beautifully smelly system - prescribe a syllabus that every student needs to grasp regardless of their interests, rate students according to their ability to grasp that material and hand them over their CGPA. Simple.

Except it doesn't scale.

Obviously, if you ended up with a 2.4, you are better off a terrorist. But how can you even be okay with generalizing this kind of education over the students of an entire country? Do you not see the obvious flaw in this? Education, unless personalized, defeats its own purpose.

We need to understand how to cater to individual students (taking into account their skills, interests) and stop trying to evaluate them by quantitative measures in a fixed number of categories. Human potential can not and should not be measured quantitavely.

So the problem of a scalable approach to this remains - how does one decide who are the top 3 students in a massive herd who are most suited for a specific purpose (a job opportunity, college acceptance, etc.).

I say let the bots handle that. There could soon be technology advanced enough to follow a single human around everywhere, track their activities and achievements and analyze everything and condense it all into a small overview of that person.

Then, a recruiter could, for example, ask that platform question like "show me a female candidate in her mid-20s who is most suitable for being a consultant at McKinsey."

We humans are pathetic, we always introduce bias in our judgement. But an intelligent platform of sorts will always return the optimal answer to (for example) the question above, no bias. You can't manipulate this platform, it is an independant entity.
