Most people use phrases like "Child Prodigy" & "Gifted genius" way too often and for all the wrong reasons.
You see a 22 year old Physics PhD candidate at Stanford and the first words out of your mouth are "some people are just born
with the gift".
Most people have it all wrong.

In his book Outliers, Malcom Gladwell creates a very crisp, strong argument about why some people simply seem to be
exceptionally brilliant and are thus referred to as prodigies. Mozart, Einstein, Schrodinger - have
enjoyed massive amounts of Media and peple attention.

The truth is that these "high achievers" are just people like us. Most of these brilliant personalities share common traits:
1. They work insanely hard and are obsessed with what they want to achieve
2. They started working at quite an early age and never stopped
3. They were lucky to have the right mentors to tell them "yes, even you could do this"

The notion of a person being "gifted, born with innate abilities & talent" is just a hoax the non hard-workers use to dellude
themselves and people around them. Its an explanation for why they can never lead companies that produce electric cars and fuel efficient
rockets.

Not being an insane hard worker is completely fine, everybody wants to live their lives differently, so its not a bad thing. But that's beside the point.

But the 3rd one amongst those 3 traits has really started to bug me recently - the presence of a Mentor!
I have experienced this first hand, and only then realized the power of a mentor.
I started coding when I was 12 (I was introduced to HTML but it was C++ that really swept me off my feet <3). However, I hadn't really
achieved anything worthy of applause up until college. I wrote only very small amounts of code, generally as a hobby. I hadn't
realized what it was like to be obsessed about something.

In my sophomore year, I used to have a lot of conversations with my brother about Tech stacks, languages, Machine learning and so forth.
My brother had recently started working his Startup (AmicShop, which got acquired by Indiqus Technologies after some time).

But he encouraged me to explore Fullstack development. And just a 5-minute conversation with him led me to explore the 
notorious world of Web Development, Data Visualization & DevOps. I explored this amazingly vast landscape and it is every bit Gold.

Fast forward to 4 months after that 4-minute conversation, I've had 7 Job offers and 9 internship offers until today.
This is not that big of an achievement. But its enough to prove that an insane work ethic is almost always useless without
the right guidance. I am lucky that I have at least 1 mentor. I've directly or indirectly asked a lot of my friends who don't really have that "flare",
whether they ever had any seriously inspiring mentors in their life.

Guess what they all said..

And that's nobody's fault - students who get the right mentorship thrive, while the rest unlucky herd just remain average or realize things too late to be called "prodigies"!
On the other hand, not every industry expert is sitting around waiting to mentor some or the other kid.
So in this big world, you can't expect to get access to someone who shall guide you at every step.

So I've been thinking - if we humans can't achieve this goal of providing effective MENTORSHIP at a scale, why don't
we turn to the one thing we do really well - Artificial Intelligence?

Can we give rise to a personalized Master Yoda?
What if my bot knows that I've just finished learning python and and tell him that I wish to tap into DNA Gene Sequencing?
Can my bot be intelligent enough to consider my entire life history (which of course, I've fed him), knows my work habits, take the entire web
of information resources into account, and tell me the next best step for me?

Understand that I'm not talking about quora. no matter how much I describe myself, even the best answerer on quora doesn't 
know me the way my brother does. My brother knew exactly what to put into my mind that would get me hooked, because
HE HAS KNOWN ME ALL MY LIFE.
So imagine if this 'Yoda' knows you as well as your mother or sibling knows you. Now imagine that he also an expert on consuming
all the information about all the projects that have been done on Github, all the Data available online for crunching and so forth
and tells you what's best (or at least near best) for you to do next.

An example could be that I learned about segment trees today and 3 days later, Yoda notifies me of a
Beginner level Hackerrank problem that has its roots in SegTrees.

I imagine a world full of people who get a highly effective guidance about what to do next to improve their skillset, such that this
next task is neither too easy for you, nor too difficult. Its just the appropriate amount of hard work that pulls you out of
your comfort zone and forces you the explore different worlds. Just like my brother knew when was the right time to force me
to explore the MEAN Stack, through which I learned plenty about programming paradigms, architectures, Async Nature and how
things connect in Compute Science.

An AI based mentor and the rest depends upon the amount of work you're willing to put.
