2 days back, at about 21:15, I was at a wedding reception. A brightly lit hall with lots of people - an extremely
rich atmosphere. Lots of people. I didn't know most of them. Mom did. I was only focusing on one thing: food.

A pure vegetarian reception, it had already convinced me that I must leave for Dehradun disappointed (I had to catch a train
for Dehra that night, oh how we all have to go back to college..). There was a row of food stalls on the both the sides when
you look at the hall from the front. This was their first function.

I went to the right row, where at that moment the only guest asking for food was..ME! I went straight to the pasta counter and
asked the (peculiarly young-looking) man to make me a Red sauce Pasta with plenty of Cheddar & Black and green olives. A little
spicy would be fine. I had a coke to finish along with it.

Not only was the guy young, he (and his co-workers) were all quite in-experienced as well. He called 3 others to give him a
helping hand. Together, they tried to light the Gas and shell out some olive oil on the pan so they could make the pasta.

I was getting pretty bored (and had turned my back to the counter) because they were all working hard for the past 15 minutes
with no noticable success (uhh, no they COULDN'T light the gas). So frsutrated, when I decided to turn back, I did (duh!).

My eyes popped out when I saw a massive fire on the entire counter and it struck me that the pungent odor entering my nose from
past 7 minutes was the smell of burning plastic.

In short, I went to a wedding where I didn't belong.
I shamelessly went straight for food.
Pressured a noob to make pro-level pasta for me.
Induced a fire.
Almost made everyone tensed for 7 minutes.
Ran the fuck away from there.
And after all that, I didn't even get to eat that pasta. Travelled in train empty-stomach (if we don't include the Kiwi,
Mango, Apple, Pav Bhaji, Aloo Tikki, Chaat Papri, Gol Gappe, french fries, salmon potato and lots of coke that I had
gulped down).
Poor me.
