Writing after a very long time.

And as I write this, I'm as convinced as one can be that 80% of the people in this world are naive and pathetic.
These people are without goals. They have a lack of aim in their lives, which is exactly why they gel in so well in
any system as soon as they're thrown into it.

Take our beloved education system as a clear example. It churns out millions
of "educated" individuals whose brains have (by now) been hard-wired to follow a single traditional path (eg: birth ->
study the syllabus you're given -> good grades else you're pathetic -> go to college -> get job -> settle etc etc).
Any unconventional step taken is frowned upon and we're trained to fear such actions. Our elders (think relatives, neighbors)
are most likely no good either, even though we'd like to believe that they're older, therefore wiser.

But their so called "wisdom" came from how they too were shaped by and have always been part of..uhm..the system!
So any advise they give you will be about how to remain inside the system, ie, the comfort & safe zone and never think
about taking another direction to explore something new. Naturally, anyone who wants to do the unconventional (not for the
sake of it, but because that's just how they are) will not be given any support.
I am desperately looking for the remaining 20% who have realised how fucked this whole illusion is.
The saddest of all things is that people don't even know how pathetic and aimless they are in life. If each of us were truly
doing what we really wanted to, the "system" that currently thrives would've fallen apart a long time back. Yet, most simply
follow the crowd.

eg- Quora! Oh the darling of all worldly "knowledge seekers" (my ass). Quora is lots of things, but certainly not a knowledge
portal. The 80-20 rule applies here too.
Majority of the quora community members asking or answering on quora are doing a combination of the following:

1. building/promoting their own brand or their business (as much as you'd like to believe they're sharing knowledge, their
ideas will be twisted in a way so as to bring you back to the brand they wish to promote, there's no such thing as 100%
truth on quora).

2. seeking false comfort - if you've spent > 10 mins on quora you've seen questions like "have there been any college failure
who made it to goole?". Make out the rest yourself.

3. Looking for just about anything to believe - "How does Elon Musk work on only 6 hours of sleep per day" - such a question
gets answered by a person who has absolutely NOTHING to do with (much hyped amongst stupid people) Musk or science of sleeping
and gets hailed by the community as a golden rule.

4. Timepass & pure gossip - "Is Katrina a good match for ranbir?" - that's a question on quora, are you seeing this D'Angelo?
Adam is, more than anything, a businessman. Quora (and linkedin, while we're at it) could learn from stackoverflow.
The founders made sure that SO is only and only for sharing to-the-point knowledge about everything CS. They built a culture
of penalizing any human who tries to litter the space with nonsense (head on to quora to truly understand what "nonsense" is).

And yet, I sometimes spot someone from the 20% sensible population on quora who share real knowledge.
I make sure to follow them.

Most people don't have goals in their lives, which is why they'd indulge in just about anything. Be it some hot gossip
on the internet, or simply getting offended by every small thing that you see on the internet (Honestly, an ALLEGATION that
the CEO said India was a poor country was enough to drive an insane amount of intenet retards to blindly follow the crowd
and boycott snapchat and eventually, snapdeal).

As soon as you truly have a vision for where you want to be, you will find yourself working towards it and minding your own
business, instead of getting distracted by every new toy in the market.

Please get to work.
