This is my first account. 

While I am writing this, I have realized that if you are a passionate programmer with a nack for problem solving and really dream of making a difference to this world, then college is the perfect place to destroy youself :)
While I am a bit busy trying to understand the palindromic tree because I really want to implement an npm module for it, they have just sent an email informing us that we're supposed to make a poster on data security. This is not official coursework. There is a poster competition apparently. And since our branch is a specialization in Cyber Forensics, they felt that this poster shit should totally be made compulsory for us and that its outcome shall play a major role in our internals.
A POSTER!
Had they asked us to make a report / document / research paper on this topic, I'd gladly take it up. I wouldn't even require another team mate. What you should understand is that a poster is not supposed to be informative. Its supposed to be a beautiful blend of lots of pretty colors with very little text to serve the purpose of only telling the definition of outdated techniques like SQL Injection. I am a 20-year old. Seriously, shame on whosoever is forcing me to do this.
Give me back 2 hours of my life.
But it does give you some brilliant opportunities some times. Last Sem, our C++ Internals would've relied on re-solving of past papers, but our teachers decided that we could form teams of 2-4 to make our own projects based in C++ & MySQL. Nice! The topics were those same old rusted inventory Management system type bullshit. But they encouraged the free flowing of ideas which, if they liked, would be allowed. Thankfully, my PSO library idea was accepted and its been one of the most exciting projects for me.
Not to mention, I don't usually wait for college to give me opportunities (most of them suck anyways). But I also don't find a lot of time to work on them, since 5/9th of the day is spent at college - 7 hours of classes of which an average 2 hours are productive, rest useless.
So when I weigh the 7 hours of classes I have to necessarily sit through (and listen to moral lectures more than query optimizer explanations) vs. once-in-a-while project opportunity, well, I want to leave this place ASAP.