As a boy, I often used to wonder what exactly intelligence is. I mean, how do some people always get more done in less time than others? It took me 6 hours to understand the Ford Fulkerson algorithm (with help of video lecture). I have a friend who read it like a story and was already done with the implementation in about 2.
A lot of people have wondered this. Some even obsessed over it so much that they made their own set of pathetic attempts at quantifying human intellect. These days, they call it Grade Point Average. 
There is, I believe, a highly flawed assumption taking rounds in people's minds. This assumption is that if you have a good GPA, you are an ideal boy with a very bright future. If you don't, you're a wreck.
I don't think intelligence can ever be quantified. But then again, I can think of a way it can be:
Intelligence is an enormous cluster of components like Thinking Ability (Creativity), Memory, Perception, Emotions, Vision and so forth. But biologically speaking, our brain is nothing but a large collection of neural networks and these neurons are responsible for guiding every process inside us. Our brain is elastic, i.e., every time we experience something, we form new neural connections and the brain undergoes plasticity (a change in shape).
Now I don't know if I am even remotely right, but I do believe that smarter people have much more neural connections than the average ones. Smarter people are smarter because they have the gift of higher focus and retention, when a new experience stands in their face. They pay attention to this experience and end up with a more elasticized brain. The more experiences you gather, the smarter you become.
Now I can obviously claim that even I have focus, and I am absolutely right! But what makes the difference is the difference between the degrees of focus of different people. Furthermore, we choose which experience to pay attention to. You wouldn't normally expect a 4th Grader to read news. But every once in a while, you will see one who does. He likes to focus more on the news than on football. So while this kid is more intelligent in Current Affairs, the Athlete Kid is more intelligent in Football.
Bottom Line: I think experience is the single, most atomic entity, that determines intelligence. A human is the sum of all their experiences.
So some day, I really hope to change the way human intelligence is measured. I mean its certainly not going to be on a scale of 0 to 4.