http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kochi/Restaurant-owner-installs-fridge-outside-to-feed-the-homeless/articleshow/51662188.cms?utm_source=facebook.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=TOI

The headline reads "This Kochi Restaurant installs fridge outside to feed the homeless".

2 reasons why this is clearly a pathetic idea.

1. This restaurant bears remarkable resemblence to that overly-glossed up girl who uploads 1 selfie on fb, snapchat & insta 
every minute and
still manages to end up with 61 by the end of the hour (yep, double checked my Math on that): you are CLEARLY desperate for
attention! You could argue that I've been cornered by all the wrong ideas. Maybe this restaurant owner actually feels sorry
for the underprivileged, who just never had the resources she did. This kind-hearted person thinks of themselves
as fortunate in comparison. Humility is noble. But did this person really just reach up there with only God's blessing or did
hard work and passion play a role? If you truly feel empathetic toward and wish to help the needy, starting by giving them
free food is the dumbest idea I've never heard.

2. Giving the "needy, homeless, poor" people what they DO NOT deserve is NOT an act of kindness, its just a blatant disregard
toward the idea of working your way up to a better life. I have a firm belief that people should only get what they deserve,
what they've worked for (of course,  this rarely happens, think Siddharth Mallya).
Statistics from a census report suggest that beggars in New Delhi, on an average, earn roughly Rs. 14000 per month without
doing anything. And 14,000 bucks is enough to have a fairly comfortable life for someone who doesn't do anything.

Now I'm not saying the poor are a curse to our natural resources. I just believe that there should be No Free Lunch. If you
want to show them kindness, offer them a job and see how they react. If they accept it and work dilligently, you should
happily open the doors of your refridgirator for them. Offer them either opportunities to earn the money or a little guidance
that may set them on the right path. Give them free food / shelter and they'll come back tomorrow, expecting more.

Their respect and affection toward you will only remain as long as you are a source of free material to them.
Teach them to earn a living, and you earn the loyalty of yet another person who turned their lives around because of you.

Think that quote about giving a man a fish vs. teaching him how to fish.
